before we begin let me start by saying
if you're from out of space and your
only family is a brand of an Earthling
fan of Elvis or if you're from Earth and
your only family is a six-armed alien
impersonator of Elvis what have you
raised all standards please the star of
a movie today is let's just say that
this man hadn't existed a lot of
children's movies would have sucked
played the story begins the Galactic
Federation headquarters he house right
now with this mad scientist named jumbo
I just call him Jimbo cuz he obviously
indulges in one too many Twinkies with
the rainbow sprinkles being tried for a
legal genetic mutation by this extra
from Jurassic Park and Free Willy with a
license to bear arms see what he's done
is created this evil little bit named to
experiment six to six that his
bulletproof fireproof and can deadlift
better than an NFL linebacker after
injection of the human growth hormone so
they try to appeal to the goodness in
him and apparently said something so
founded this robot right here losing his
lug nuts and they decide he should be
marooned on an asteroid for all eternity
but if he's bulletproof how the hell
they stick that needle in it I know this
is a movie about aliens my friend
Hawaiians but let's try to be realistic
here okay thank you if for some reason
they're surprised when this little blue
bastard Devils made because the universe
problems escapes faster than Andy
Dufresne and they say he's gonna land on
earth but they call it ER because
apparently being the superior race from
space doesn't mean you ain't an ignorant
somebody but he get all excited when
they see he might just drown in the
ocean but nope Mahalo just nice catch
and they'd like to do us a favor and off
the whole damn planet but unfortunately
for them and us these aliens are the
reason why I can't sleep at night
because some little bloodsuckers keeping
me awake all night buzzing around my
never here and this tall green and since
they asked if we intelligent listen her
she made a little joke so jumbo gonna
have to team up with you to my own to
his Pumbaa named fleetly and go to track
down 66 in exchange for his release from
prison
and evil genius and a narc
Mahalo Loki hello Harley Lorna how's the
dance house dance heart what have you
and she danced I saw yourself right into
trouble because she was out of peanut
butter for her fish and her sister
suggested she take the damn fish a tuna
sandwich even though that would be false
cannibalism and the damn fish controls
the weather support lilo didn't want the
Fisher to get busy and then before you
know the damn hurricane here Hawaii and
everybody's with your husband every
which way and then how the hell Steve
gonna be able to say book him Danno and
that's why she late then this Myrtle
called lilo crazy so she popped that a
little bit in the mouth who could blame
the child after all how could you have a
name like Myrtle and not be a bunch no
offense to choose who aren't named
myrtles little lilo even tries to play
dolls with them snobs but when she pulls
out her custom-made coolest Tim Burton
inspired freak of nightmares they run
off like they ain't never seen a
custom-made coolest Tim Burton inspired
freak of nightmares and lilo goes home
all sad and her sister Nani runs home
finds lilo spoken to Heartbreak Hotel
just as a social worker rides social
worker aka Cobra stupid-head bubbles mr.
bubbles which is the name totally stolen
from some bubble bath and mr. Cove
remove his bows questions a child who
would lie through a little Hawaiian
teeth if she had some and after mr.
bubbles hears these stories he's like
who this family dub so they stopped
scrap it and then they make up and Leo
says I hit Myrtle to date why'd you hit
Myrtle today because you've been a
little judgmental and I hope a little
wicked hug it blow to wake and they both
laugh such a sweet scene didn't they see
a falling star
it's a bird it's a plane it's 6-ounce
Satan and 6im Satan is now your new
dough and to make sure to title this
movie makes sense ly no names in stitch
and if you thought your dog was bad
feeding your home workers and in the
floor just imagine having one that
hijacks tricycles a salsa dog will still
come for sniffing his booty a sauce
local folks with volleyballs you should
sister fired from a job
Wilson destroys miniature replicas of
San Francisco takes Coca Cola's out of
the fridge without asking acts like a
living record player assaults a social
worker that looks just like my sellers
from Pulp Fiction cousin one of his
sunglass lenses to pop out sexually
assaults an old lady consistently
steps to get a new job and becomes a
little worst Elvis Presley impersonator
in history because that was one blue
dummy
there were Windows tablets greatest
office impersonator goes to Bruno Mars
though I could see why some might get
confused since students the same height
as Bruno and can fit into the same suit
and now they want to take that mug back
to the pound but leave those off Ohana
family we ain't got no mama and we ain't
got no dad so we need to keep all the
people in creepy blue multi limbs Road
and dogs we can find I wish I could go
surfing whenever I had a day my heart
Loki ha ha ha
I hope I'm saying something dirty
dramaalert the evil genius tries to take
back his dog lilo almost drowns and the
dog goes and wakes up with rabies so
since not it doesn't have a child and
lilo has a rabid dog too tries to drown
folks
bubbles is gonna have to take lilo away
on top of that and on his love interest
going Sultan stitch and now stitch don't
know where the hell he belongs and now
he suffers some existential crisis which
is arisen from the fact that Hawaii is
so damn peaceful even an indestructible
satanic firey burping alien dog can't
help but hope to find his M and he says
I'm lost
lilo sounds right over to the left fool
you don't want to laugh the next day
Jumba fine stitch in the woods feeling
all along and tells him a bunch of mean
[ __ ] about how he ain't got no family
and wasn't nobody with any self-respect
while some destructed little
indestructible blue mutt such as himself
so not at least we'll he'll want to be
man's and things to find and her job is
gonna help him work himself onto her
grass hula skirts and jumpin stitch get
into a big damn fight make that house go
big kaboom Oh mr. bubbles is gonna love
this
so Leo runs off stitch follows up shows
a he's an alien and free will of transit
in prison stitch and grabs lilo - and as
usual this was a Harry Houdini and busts
out that joint
now jumbo jumbo may be an evil genius
and the knock and the but he's not a
heartless told in stitch rambles about a
bunch of BS about all nine little broken
good families so jumbo helps not instead
get lilo back then the source shows up
to take stitch away just as the family
is back together again and then stitch
trembles again about a bunch of BS about
Ohana and little broken good families
and how does family dumped in hell
that's kind of fun and how he wants to
stay with these folk who can't hold down
a job
go surfing spend the rest of time just
loafing around all day listening to
Elvis records well when that doesn't
word Lila walks right up to her and says
look I don't know how y'all do things in
space but I paid two dollars for that
damn dough and the dumbest thing you can
do is underestimate the leader that
earthling will go to when people try to
take stuff we paid for we've grown
evolve a much less and tall green and
sexy to source is like yeah actually
that's a binding contract so stay your
Bluebird hair stitch sit stay and enjoy
the king then Cobra bubbles says one
thing about living in Hawaii I never
could stomach all the damn aliens and a
little frozen good family lives happily
ever after with birthdays dancing and
visits to Graceland wait that little
blue bit got to go to Graceland better
in my neck of the woods and I haven't
even better fresh land can tourists then
be sure to LIKE share and subscribe for
your regular fix of meth you can expect
me to upload more videos when I don't
get back from my trip to Graceland
because people live it I'll go to
Graceland full movies explained for I'm
jammed or died also cute and fluffy